Name : Aashita Verma 
Partner's Name : Jovana Gavrilovic

Lost Object Description : 

I had a beloved stuffed animal that I purchased on a school field trip when I was in first grade - it was a smallish monkey that I named Mr. Chimp Chimp. He was a light tan/brown color with a short torso and incredibly long arms and legs, the ratio about 2:1 for arms/legs to torso. The arms and legs had velcro hands/feet where you could attach hand-to-hand or foot-to-foot or even foot-to-hand. The face was white with a grey snout. The eyes were rather beady, without any pupils or eyelashes or eyebrows. The ears were round and small.

Reflection : 

Jovana's description of her beloved stuffed animal chimp was very detailed and conveyed a ton of emotion that helped me build my sketch further and add details beyond the subject to paint a clearer picture.
To start, I tried various methods in forming a grid to plot coordinates and found it the best to keep a sketch with a canvas sized grid overlay on the side while working on my code.
In furthur attempts to make this process easier I found a code that displayed coordinates on the cursor and that helped save a ton of time (lost the source but will find and share a link!).
I played around quite a bit with my initial sketch as the artist voice inside me hopelessly searched for ways to display an art style in this medium. 

I started with coding the background to show a school bus since Jovana got Mr. Chimp Chimp on a school trip and very quickly realized this wasn't as easy as I thought it was going to be. My first element (the seat) was meant to be curved and look more soft but working with curved elements is pretty difficult. I'm glad I figured out how to make at least one part of the seat curved. 
I also had to spend some time to understand the layering of the elements since my sketch had overlapping shapes so I had to constantly order and reoder it.
It also took me a while to grasp the translate and rotate functions for the arms of the chimp and eventually I started eyeballing it which was a very different approach compared to how I started with an aim for precision but I learned that random mistakes can add a different and often interesting perspective to the sketch.

This assignment was a good practice of basic tools and how we can create complex work with simple functions, I'd like to further learn how to install and work with external libraries from github :)